
# Orca: FSS-based Secure Training and Inference with GPUs

Implementation of protocols from the paper [Orca](https://eprint.iacr.org/2023/206) and [SIGMA]().

**Warning**: This is an academic proof-of-concept prototype and has not received careful code review. This implementation is NOT ready for production use.

## Build

This project requires NVIDIA GPUs, and assumes that GPU drivers and the [NVIDIA CUDA Toolkit](https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/) are already installed. The following has been tested on Ubuntu 20.04 with CUDA 11.7, CMake 3.27.2 and g++-9. 

Please note that Sytorch requires CMake version >= 3.17 and the build will fail if this depency is not met. 

The code uses CUTLASS version 2.11 by default, so if you change the CUDA version, please make sure that the CUTLASS version being built is compatible with the new CUDA version. To change the version of CUTLASS being built, add `git checkout <branch>;` after line 31 (`cd ext/cutlass;`) of setup.sh.

The last line of `setup.sh` tries to install `matplotlib`, which is needed for generating Figures 5a and 5b. In our experience, the installation fails if the versions of Python and `pip` do not match. In case the installation fails, please install `matplotlib` manually before running `run_experiment.py`.

1. Export environment variables

```
export CUDA_VERSION=11.7
export GPU_ARCH=86
```

2. Set up the environment

```
sh setup.sh
```

3. Make Orca

```
make orca
```
4. Make sigma (this does not require making Orca)

```
make sigma
```

## Run Orca

1. Each party runs two processes: a dealer and an evaluator. The configuration needs to define the GPU on which the dealer will run, and the directory in which it will store FSS keys. This is done in `config.json` as:

```javascript
"dealer" :
    { "gpu": <The ID of the GPU to use>,
      "key_dir": <The directory in which the dealer will store keys>
    }
```

FSS keys tend to be quite large so please make sure that the key directory has at least 500GB of free space. Please also ensure that it is writeable.

Similarly, the configuration also needs to define the GPU on which the evaluator will run, and the IP address of its peer, i.e., the address of the remote party the evaluator will communicate with for secure training or inference. This is done in `config.json` as:

```javascript
"dealer" :
    { "gpu": <The ID of the GPU to use>,
      "peer": <The address of the remote peer>
    }
```

You can run Orca to generate Figures 5a and 5b, as well as Tables 3, 4, 6, 7, 8 and 9. Table 5 can be generated by throttling the network bandwidth (with `tc`, for example) and regenerating Table 4. The script reports numbers for Tables 4, 6, 7 and 9 as the average of 10 iterations.

Figure 5b and Table 3 run end-to-end training and so can take a couple of days to finish.

Evaluation runs through `experiments/orca/run_experiment.py`. Here are the relevant options:

```
usage: run_experiment.py [-h] [--figure FIGURE] [--table TABLE] --party 0/1

optional arguments:
  --figure FIGURE  Figure # to run.
  --table TABLE    Table # to run.
  --all true       Run all the experiments.
```

Results are stored in the `output/P<party-number>/Table<table-number>` or `output/P<party-number>/Fig<figure-number>` folders. 

Log files (which might help with debugging) are stored in the corresponding experiment folders, i.e., in `output/P<party-number>/Table<table-number>/logs` and `output/P<party-number>/Fig<figure-number>/logs`.


## Run SIGMA

#Prerequisites and caveats

1. Since FSS generates large keys, please ensure that you have a writeable disk with at least 500GB of free space. This is only required by our largest model (Llama-13B). Other models require less space, and an idea of how much free space is needed per model can be estimated from the key size reported in Table xx of the paper.

2. Once the key has been stored on disk, SIGMA loads the key from the disk into CPU memory. Thus, the CPU must have (free) memory that is at least as large as the key that will be read from the disk.

3. Currently, we only support sequence lengths that are powers-of-2.

4. We currently support the following models: `bert-tiny, bert-base, bert-large, gpt2, llama-7b, llama-13b`.

#How to run

1. The `sigma` executable is in `experiments/sigma`.

2. Each party (the server and the client) needs to run two processes in sequence: the dealer and the evaluator. In general, the syntax for running the dealer is `./sigma <model name> <sequence length> <role=0 for dealer> <party=0/1 (server/client)> <key directory>`. The syntax for running the evaluator is `./sigma <model name> <sequence length> <role=1 for evaluator> <party=0/1 (server/client)> <key directory> <peer IP> <CPU threads>`.

For example, to run GPT2, the server will run (in sequence):
`./sigma gpt2 128 0 0 /tmp/` and `./sigma gpt2 128 0 0 /tmp/ 0.0.0.0 64`.

Results are stored in `output/P<party-number>/<model-name>.txt`.

3. Alternately, to reproduce Tables 4, 5, 9, and Figures 10 and 11, run `run_experiment.py --perf true`
To reproduce Table 8, run `run_experiment.py --table 8`.
Table 7 can be reproduced by throttling the network bandwidth (with `tc`, for example and re-running `run_experiment.py --perf true`.) 

## Docker Build

You can also build the docker image using the provided Dockerfile_Gen for building the Environment. 

### Install Nvidia Container Toolkit
- Configure the repository:
```
curl -fsSL https://nvidia.github.io/libnvidia-container/gpgkey |sudo gpg --dearmor -o /usr/share/keyrings/nvidia-container-toolkit-keyring.gpg \
&& curl -s -L https://nvidia.github.io/libnvidia-container/stable/deb/nvidia-container-toolkit.list | sed 's#deb https://#deb [signed-by=/usr/share/keyrings/nvidia-container-toolkit-keyring.gpg] https://#g' | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/nvidia-container-toolkit.list \
&& sudo apt-get update
```

- Install the NVIDIA Container Toolkit packages:
```
sudo apt-get install -y nvidia-container-toolkit
sudo nvidia-ctk runtime configure --runtime=docker
sudo systemctl restart docker
```
### Build the Docker Image / pull the image from Docker Hub
```
# Local Build
docker build -t gpu_mpc -f Dockerfile_Gen .

# Pull from Docker Hub (Cuda 11.8)
docker pull trajore/gpu_mpc
```
### Run the Docker Container
```
sudo docker run --gpus all --network host -v /home/$USER/path_to_GPU-MPC/:/home -it container_name /bin/bash

```
Then Run setup.sh to configure according to GPU_arch and make orca as mentioned above.

## Citation

You can cite the paper using the following BibTeX entry:

```
@INPROCEEDINGS {,
author = {N. Jawalkar and K. Gupta and A. Basu and N. Chandran and D. Gupta and R. Sharma},
booktitle = {2024 IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy (SP)},
title = {Orca: FSS-based Secure Training and Inference with GPUs},
year = {2024}
}
```

